Kk/#1139 rtd page for available converters to and from psdm (#1432)
ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel: docs/readthedocs/io/psdmconverters.md

# PSDM Converters

> This page lists all the available converters available from and to PSDM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists all converters from and to the PSDM format that are known to us.
```

## Converters to PSDM

- [simBench2psdm](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simBench2psdm)

> The conversion tool available [here](https://github.com/e2nIEE/simbench), that makes the models available to the [pandapower](https://github.com/e2nIEE/pandapower) simulation software.

Reviewer: I don't know if that's really relevant to us here...

Author: But this is used as psdm converter?

SimBench has been research project of Kassel university, Fraunhofer IEE, RWTH Aachen university and TU Dortmund university, aiming at provision of realistic models of electrical distribution grids including time series. The data is availabe [here](https://simbench.de).

- [powerFactory2psdm](https://github.com/ie3-institute/powerFactory2psdm)

> This tool is used to convert the Power Factory projects into the PSDM format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is used to convert Power Factory projects into the PSDM format.
```

- [pp2psdm](https://github.com/ie3-institute/pp2psdm)

Converter for grid models from pandapower into PowerSystemDataModel format.

## Converts from PSDM

- [psdm2powerfactory](https://github.com/ie3-institute/psdm2powerfactory)

## Other Available Converters

- [simBench2PowerFactory](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simBench2PowerFactory)

> The tool [here](https://github.com/e2nIEE/simbench) enables the use of the SimBench data set in the simulation tool [pandapower](https://github.com/e2nIEE/pandapower).

Reviewer: Same as above

## Additional Simulation Tools used
- [pandapower](https://github.com/e2nIEE/pandapower)

Pandapower is an easy to use network calculation program aimed to automate the analysis and optimization of power systems.

> More information about pandapower can be found [here](https://www.pandapower.org/).

Reviewer: Also not very relevant to us?

Author: Also the additional tools I thought if listed can be useful if someone is using them for first time and looking for the info. They can find it here.

- [psdm2powerfactory](https://github.com/ie3-institute/psdm2powerfactory)

## Other Available Converters

> - [simBench2PowerFactory](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simBench2PowerFactory)

Reviewer: Please leave in simBench2PowerFactory though...
